Corporate Rebrand
Fort Loredo

Information & Features
Many have questions about the Corporate Rebrand and hopefully this should show where development stands and what the community is wanting to see. We will discuss features that Fort Loredo will have, along with planned features. We will also discuss what perks donators will have.

Basic Information
It is planned that to change teams you will have to drive to department station, or job and fill out your name on a roster. If the team is full then your name will be added to a Queue system. When someone leaves or ends their shift the next person queued will be allowed on the team. You will have 5 minutes to drive to the station to claim your roster spot, or it will go to the next player in line. Premium members will be able to bypass the team limit with some restrictions.

Rebrand Information
Website Rebrand
Theme Changes - Modernised the look & feel of our brand & website

Corporate Rebrand - We have rebranded to "REALM Studios"

RS Logo - New logo rebrand

Company Rebrands
Owls & K-V Studios have been discontinued until further notice.

More TBA

Corporation Projects
Update of the discontinuation of the Highville Project - The Highville Project has officially made a return

New County RP Project in the works - FORT LOREDO

More TBA

Departments
Law Enforcement
California Highway Patrol - (PREMIUM)

Clairemont County Sheriff's Department - (OPEN)

Clairemont Police Department - (WHITELISTED)

MountRail Railroad Police - (WHITELISTED)

Fire Department
Clairemont County Fire Department / CalFire - (OPEN)

Clairemont Fire Department - (WHITELISTED - PREMIUM)

More TBA

State Departments
California Department of Corrections & Rehabilitation - LATER UPDATE - (PREMIUM)

CalTrans - (PREMIUM)

More TBA

Private Companies
Security (Unknown Name) - (OPEN - PREMIUM)

Waste Management - (OPEN)

MountRail Railroad - (WHITELISTED)

More TBA

Department Information
California Highway Patrol
CHP will have two stations. One main station and one smaller sub-station. You will spawn at the main station however to refill on fuel, ammo, and other items you will be able to go to the sub-station. The sub-station will not include a jail. The main CHP station will only have a small holding cell. To book an inmate you will have to transport them to SBCSD. CHP will have a variety of vehicles; however, these will ONLY include vehicles in their current fleet. - (IN DEVELOPMENT)

Clairemont County Sheriff's Department
CCSD will have one station.

Clairemont Police Department
CPD will have one station.

MountRail Railroad Police
MRPD will have one station. MRPD handles all incidents involving its locomotives, railcars, and tracks.

Clairemont County Fire Department / CalFire
CCFD will have two stations.

Clairemont Fire Department
CFD will have one stations.

California Department of Corrections & Rehabilitation
CDCR is tasked with picking up and transporting incarcerated inmates from SBCSD to its primary jail facility.

CalTrans
CalTrans is tasked with fixing potholes that will form on freeways and roadways. They are also able to change traffic patterns, traffic signals, and change road signs. They are to close down roadways at the direction of the California Highway Patrol for major incidents.

Security (NAME TBD)
Self-explanatory.

Waste Management
Pick up trash and try not to get negative health side effects & diseases. (hint hint)

MountRail Railroad
Transport goods via freight rail to different yards and businesses. MountRail is also responsible for transporting the majority of Fort Loredo's population via passenger car.